+++
# Project title.
title = "Improved bounds on minimax regret under logarithmic loss via self-concordance"

# Date this page was created.
date = 2020-02-15

# Authors. Comma separated list, e.g. `["Bob Smith", "David Jones"]`.
authors = ["Blair Bilodeau", "Dylan J. Foster", "Daniel M. Roy"]

# Publication type.
# Legend:
# 0 = Uncategorized
# 1 = Conference Paper
# 2 = Journal Article
# 3 = Work in Progress
# 4 = Technical report
# 5 = Book
# 6 = Book chapter
publication_types = ["3"]

# Publication name and optional abbreviated version.
publication = "In submission"
publication_short = "In submission"

# Abstract.
abstract = "We study sequential probabilistic prediction on data sequences which are not i.i.d., and even potentially generated by an adversary. At each round, the player assigns a probability distribution to possible outcomes and incurs the log-likelihood of the observed outcome under said distribution. Without assumptions on the data-generating process, one cannot control the total loss, and so it is standard to study the regret, i.e., the difference between the player’s total loss and the total loss of the single best forecaster in some class of “experts”. We present a novel approach to the open problem of bounding the minimax regret under logarithmic loss for arbitrarily large expert classes by exploiting the self-concordance property of logarithmic loss. Our regret bound depends on the metric entropy of the expert class and matches previous best known results for arbitrary expert classes. We observe a polynomial improvement in dependence on the time horizon for high-dimensional classes."

# Project summary to display on homepage.
summary = ""

# Digital Object Identifier (DOI)
doi = ""

# Tags (optional).
#   Set `tags = []` for no tags, or use the form `tags = ["A Tag", "Another Tag"]` for one or more tags.
tags = []

# Projects (optional).
#   Associate this publication with one or more of your projects.
#   Simply enter your project's folder or file name without extension.
#   E.g. `projects = ["deep-learning"]` references 
#   `content/project/deep-learning/index.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `projects = []`.
projects = []

# Optional external URL for project (replaces project detail page).
external_link = ""

# Slides (optional).
#   Associate this project with Markdown slides.
#   Simply enter your slide deck's filename without extension.
#   E.g. `slides = "example-slides"` references 
#   `content/slides/example-slides.md`.
#   Otherwise, set `slides = ""`.
slides = ""

# Links (optional).
url_preprint = ""
url_poster = "publication/minimax-logloss/poster.pdf"
url_pdf = ""
url_slides = "publication/minimax-logloss/slides.pdf"
url_video = ""
url_code = ""

# Custom links (optional).
#   Uncomment line below to enable. For multiple links, use the form `[{...}, {...}, {...}]`.
# links = [{icon_pack = "fab", icon="twitter", name="Follow", url = "https://twitter.com/georgecushen"}]

# Featured image
# To use, add an image named `featured.jpg/png` to your project's folder. 
[image]
  # Caption (optional)
  caption = "Photo by rawpixel on Unsplash"
  
  # Focal point (optional)
  # Options: Smart, Center, TopLeft, Top, TopRight, Left, Right, BottomLeft, Bottom, BottomRight
  focal_point = "Smart"
+++
